So, I'm just going to show you
a few S3 Bucket Policies that can be helpful for the exam.
You may have seen them already,
but it's good to see them one more time.
So, the first one is to force HTTPS
going into Amazon S3 to get in-flight encryption.
You would have a Deny statement in your bucket policy
for all actions if the condition, right here,
says that the SecureTransport is false.
So, that's a classic one for the exam.
And the second one is, how do you force the specific KMS key
on the S3 bucket for encryption?
Well, again, you would have a Deny statement
and you're saying, "Hey, I want to make sure
that this header right here is equal to aws:kms."
And then if you want to have a specific KMS key ID,
you can have the exact same thing, but this time,
the x-amz-server-side-encryption-aws-kms-key-id condition
should be equal to the ARN of your KMS key.
All right, that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.